{"parts":[{"text":"The function `sum()` as written will work *only if* `a` and `b` are defined in the global scope (or
an outer scope where the function is defined).\n\nFor example:\n\n```javascript\nlet a = 10;\nlet b = 20;\n\nfunction
sum() {\n return a + b;\n}\n\nconsole.log(sum()); // Output: 30\n```\n\n**However, this is generally not ideal for a few
reasons:**\n\n1. **Reusability:** The function is tightly coupled to specific global variables `a` and `b`. You can't
easily use it to sum other numbers without changing the global variables.\n2. **Readability:** It's not immediately
clear where `a` and `b` are coming from just by looking at the function signature.\n3. **Maintainability:** If `a` or
`b` are modified elsewhere in your code, it might unintentionally affect the `sum` function.\n\n---\n\n### **Better Ways
to Write a `sum` Function:**\n\nThe most common and best way to write a `sum` function is to pass the numbers as
**arguments (parameters)**. This makes the function reusable, independent, and clear.\n\n#### 1. Summing two specific
numbers:\n\n```javascript\nfunction sum(num1, num2) {\n return num1 + num2;\n}\n\nconsole.log(sum(5, 3)); // Output:
8\nconsole.log(sum(100, 25)); // Output: 125\nlet x = 7;\nlet y = 1;\nconsole.log(sum(x, y)); // Output: 8\n```\n\n####
2. Summing any number of arguments (more flexible):\n\nYou can use the **rest parameters (`...`)** syntax combined with
the `reduce()` method to sum an arbitrary number of values.\n\n```javascript\nfunction sum(...numbers) {\n // `numbers`
will be an array of all arguments passed to the function\n return numbers.reduce((accumulator, currentValue) =>
accumulator + currentValue, 0);\n}\n\nconsole.log(sum(1, 2)); // Output: 3\nconsole.log(sum(1, 2, 3, 4, 5)); // Output:
15\nconsole.log(sum(10)); // Output: 10\nconsole.log(sum()); // Output: 0 (initial value of
accumulator)\n```\n\n**Explanation of `reduce()`:**\n* `numbers.reduce(...)`: This method executes a `reducer` callback
function on each element of the array, in order, passing in the return value from the calculation on the preceding
element.\n* `accumulator`: The accumulated value previously returned in the last invocation of the callback, or
`initialValue`, if supplied.\n* `currentValue`: The current element being processed in the array.\n* `0`: The
`initialValue` for the `accumulator`. This is important, especially if the `numbers` array is empty, it ensures `0` is
returned.\n\n---\n\n**Which one to use?**\n\n* If you *always* need to sum exactly two numbers, the `function sum(num1,
num2)` approach is simple and clear.\n* If you need the flexibility to sum two, three, or many numbers, the `function
sum(...numbers)` approach is much more powerful and versatile."}],"role":"model"}